backend/WEkEO/README.md, before:

# Wekeo API explained
This dataset provides daily air quality analyses and forecasts for Europe. CAMS produces specific daily air quality analyses and forecasts for the European domain at significantly higher spatial resolution (0.1 degrees, approx. 10km) than is available from the global analyses and forecasts. 

The production is based on an ensemble of nine air quality forecasting systems across Europe. A median ensemble is calculated from individual outputs, since ensemble products yield on average better performance than the individual model products. 

The spread between the nine models are used to provide an estimate of the forecast uncertainty. The analysis combines model data with observations provided by the European Environment Agency (EEA) into a complete and consistent dataset using various data assimilation techniques depending upon the air-quality forecasting system used. In parallel, air quality forecasts are produced once a day for the next four days. Both the analysis and the forecast are available at hourly time steps at seven height levels. Note that only nitrogen monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, sulphur dioxide, ozone, PM2.5, PM10 and dust are regularly validated against in situ observations, and therefore forecasts of all other variables are unvalidated and should be considered experimental. Variables in the dataset/application are: Alder pollen, Ammonia, Birch pollen, Carbon monoxide, Dust, Grass pollen, Nitrogen dioxide, Nitrogen monoxide, Non-methane VOCs, Olive pollen, Ozone, Particulate matter d < 10 �m (PM10), Particulate matter d < 10 �m - wildfires only, Particulate matter d < 2.5 �m (PM2.5), Particulate matter d < 2.5 �m - anthropogenic fossil fuel carbon only, Particulate matter d < 2.5 �m - anthropogenic wood burning carbon only, Peroxyacyl nitrates, Ragweed pollen, Secondary inorganic aerosol, Sulphur dioxx ide

## Leadtime explained
The lead time is the time gap between when the model generates a forecast and the time when the forecast becomes relevant.

## Analysis vs Forecast

+ Analysis Data is historical data that provides a consistent record of past atmospheric conditions and is used for long-term studies, trend analysis, and understanding climate patterns.

+ Forecast Data is model-generated data that provides predictions of future atmospheric conditions and is used for short-term and medium-term planning, weather forecasting, and making real-time decisions.

## Interesting values for model training

+ PM10 (Particulate matter => 10µm)
+ PM2P5 (Particulate matter => 2.5µm)
+ O₃ (Ozone)
+ CO (Carbon monoxide) 
+ NO₂ (Nitrogen dioxide)
+ so2 (sulpher dioxide)

## Interesting openAQ sensor(s) to use as result data
+ BETR801

Commit message:

fixed minor spelling errors, added link to general documentation in specific documentation

backend/WEkEO/README.md, after:

# Wekeo API explained
This dataset provides daily air quality analyses and forecasts for Europe. CAMS produces specific daily air quality analyses and forecasts for the European domain at significantly higher spatial resolution (0.1 degrees, approx. 10km) than is available from the global analyses and forecasts. 

The production is based on an ensemble of nine air quality forecasting systems across Europe. A median ensemble is calculated from individual outputs, since ensemble products yield on average better performance than the individual model products. 

The spread between the nine models are used to provide an estimate of the forecast uncertainty. The analysis combines model data with observations provided by the European Environment Agency (EEA) into a complete and consistent dataset using various data assimilation techniques depending upon the air-quality forecasting system used. In parallel, air quality forecasts are produced once a day for the next four days. Both the analysis and the forecast are available at hourly time steps at seven height levels. Note that only nitrogen monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, sulphur dioxide, ozone, PM2.5, PM10 and dust are regularly validated against in situ observations, and therefore forecasts of all other variables are unvalidated and should be considered experimental. Variables in the dataset/application are: Alder pollen, Ammonia, Birch pollen, Carbon monoxide, Dust, Grass pollen, Nitrogen dioxide, Nitrogen monoxide, Non-methane VOCs, Olive pollen, Ozone, Particulate matter d < 10 �m (PM10), Particulate matter d < 10 �m - wildfires only, Particulate matter d < 2.5 �m (PM2.5), Particulate matter d < 2.5 �m - anthropogenic fossil fuel carbon only, Particulate matter d < 2.5 �m - anthropogenic wood burning carbon only, Peroxyacyl nitrates, Ragweed pollen, Secondary inorganic aerosol, Sulfur dioxide

## Leadtime explained
The lead time is the time gap between when the model generates a forecast and the time when the forecast becomes relevant.

## Analysis vs Forecast

+ Analysis Data is historical data that provides a consistent record of past atmospheric conditions and is used for long-term studies, trend analysis, and understanding climate patterns.

+ Forecast Data is model-generated data that provides predictions of future atmospheric conditions and is used for short-term and medium-term planning, weather forecasting, and making real-time decisions.

## Interesting values for model training

+ PM10 (Particulate matter => 10µm)
+ PM2P5 (Particulate matter => 2.5µm)
+ O₃ (Ozone)
+ CO (Carbon monoxide) 
+ NO₂ (Nitrogen dioxide)
+ so2 (Sulfur dioxide)

## Interesting openAQ sensor(s) to use as result data
+ BETR801

## Script documentation

For specific documentation on the script we use to obtain data from WEkEO, click [here]("documentation/WEkEO.md")
